well first of all we should all say
happy birthday to Nicki it's her
birthday today my mom and my brother
came I
happy birthday what are you doing to
celebrate I'm here yeah carole king and
james taylor here who I can't even and
Steve Carell I don't even know what to
say I know it's a good birthday so far
huh and and you're moving right now is
that what I heard I'm always moving me
too yeah how many times have you move do
you live just curious near here cool me
too okay she knows I really love her she
doesn't want to tell me we're doing um I
i just bought my first place small bits
cute uh-huh and you don't work to it or
anything my mom is like Tim the tool man
Taylor she's um she's in there like with
her screw got in her paint we just built
a closet and so I'm like mom we can just
go to ikea and like stick some shelves
in there what she wants it all herself
you built a closet that's impressive and
why just rear-ended my mom on Mother's
Day thank God I took my test here right
yeah that happened you rear-ended your
mom on Mother's shooting laughing at the
time too I think I said like hey mom
should we pull over and look at this
she's like well it's done so he might as
well go to lunch so he can I actually
years and years ago I hit my mother in
the head with a golf club on Mother's
Day I was I was like and it was a snow
swing but she was standing here and it
was a driver to and i was i was going
slowly like that but of course here's
here's the shaft and then there's the
wood thing and it clunk right in the
head hard right on Mother's Day so you
win yeah I mean yeah that's that's why I
was trying to do thank God that came in
handy i win I have a birthday gift for
you because I know that you're a big fan
of that that I did that tape peace with
Paris Hilton and she's my BFF you know
about you know that I'm a huge fan of
that right it's a funny thing right it
was um I ones have no idea shooting in
Vancouver and it's like sort of cold and
it gets like a little isolating and
depressing I I found on YouTube one day
this episode where she goes to Paris
Hilton's house and like it goes through
the hole yeah all the photos of her and
we're cutting it in a stripper pole it
got me through yeah really it got me
every day
that was actually in her house Paris
Hilton has a stripper pole in her house
I'll put one in my eyes if you'll come
and do that all right I'll do it I'll do
at a piece we put it back on the website
because it's such a funny piece so if
you want to see it go to the website all
right so i know that you you were
jealous cuz he's my BFF so i thought you
would be my BBF f my best brunette
friend forever and so what we have here
is when you piece them together it says
that and you out where the one with your
face on the back but when you weird oh
just right now yeah where it
is that your face yes sir that's my face
in your face and then we'll all my mom
is gonna die so extend that great all
right I'll put mine on in just a minute
oh no I'm I figured it out after yeah
it's okay I'm not not about it it
doesn't really go with your skirts oh
yeah you want to know you wear it later
you homie I'll just hold it a lot ah
tell people it's a very exciting we have
a surprise for one lucky person in the
audience yeah we have two tickets to go
to the premiere of eclipse
Oh
and hustler
premier